- [[DP-27938 - Snapscan New Ingestion]]
	- [[Nxumalo, Sibusiso S]] is busy working on the batch ingestion metadata and DDL scripts.
	- He is waiting for business to confirm the schema name, and will contact me once done to create the schema.
	- He has confirmed the schema name to be SnapScan, but requested the schema to be created on PROD - awaiting clarification on this point, if everything has been done on DEV or not.
	- This is also NOT wealth demand, but PBB demand, hence why the database to be ingested in is RSVRRawBatchPBB.
	- The schema was already created by Stanford, and the AD group requested.
	- [[Nxumalo, Sibusiso S]] will continue with this schema, and then get back to me about the curated view demand.
	- We need to request a transfer of ownership of the AD group to [[Parkin, Paula PM]].
- [[DP-27738 - Bad, bad query! (WhTPSExposuresandLimits)]]
- P1
  collapsed:: true
	- And without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is and that He is a rewarder of those who seek Him. (Heb 11:6)
	- Father, I have worshiped you so long without fully seeking you. Without fully trusting that you are a rewarder of those who seek you. I have sought you many times without a true expectation that you will reveal yourself to me. I have sought you many times without really having a true desire for you. Please forgive me for all of this littleness-of-faith.
	- Create in me a true desire for you. Grant to me a faith that believes that you are, and that you are a rewarder of those who seek you. Give me an undying, unquenchable desire and longing for you, as well as an expectation that you will truly make yourself known to me.
	- I want to desire you. I want to see you. I want to experience you. And I want this in a real and tangible way. Not something that is vague and undefined. Not something that might be something else mistaken for your presence or an experience of you.
	- It is my prayer that you will give me this. Make me want you for you, not for your gifts or blessings.
	- I pray for Jono, that you will give him this same desire. That his desire for you will be so much stronger that his desire for fleshly sin. That you will help him grow in his victory over and freedom from sin.
	- I pray for Duan also, that you will help him see our need for fervor and passion and desire that shows in how intensely and how frequently we come to you. That it will reflect in how often we open up your Word.
	- I pray this in the name of Christ Jesus, our Lord and Savior, whom we are supposed to love with a passion that shows. Not a passion that we merely speak about, but never tangibly see.
	- Amen.