- GRES Cloud Onboarding #meeting #GRES-Cloud-Migration
	- Attendees:
		- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
		- [[Jones, Megan M]]
		- [[Swanepoel, Werner W]]
		- [[Hefer, Annemarie A]]
		- [[Msimanga, Monica MN]]
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
		- [[Lavis, Alexandra A]]
		- [[Molotsi, Yvonne Y]]
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
		- [[Venter, Lyndie LS]]
		- [[Chidi, Peggy MP]]
		- [[Dunn, Gillian G]]
		- [[Morrissey, Vaughan V]]
	- Notes:
		- Purpose of the meeting: To agree on what the next steps are and who's going to do what.
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]] mentioned that they are executing under Liezl's team.
			- Some discussion around cloud execution still ongoing.
		- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
			- Good to have these discussions just to not have to re-do work done.
			- Review requirement:
				- Build up own analytics
				- Start small, go from there.
				- [[Chidi, Peggy MP]] team helped to onboard raw data into cloud.
				- What is the process to go Cloud Reservoir.
				- Questions around the orange block. How is this set up for real-estate?
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- We don't look after the orange block.
			- Which team enables the orange block? Take up with Liezl.
			- Orange block should sit in subscription of team who owns that data product.
			- We play an advisory role.
			- We are pushing the synapse workspaces, but you can use whatever you want in the orange block.
			- We are not planning to do orange block for the CIO teams, this is their responsibility.
			- This work can be outsourced.
			- You can re-use on-prem DP stuff in the cloud-equivalent framework.
		- [[Venter, Lyndie LS]]
			- Environment has been built on a test environment.
			- Make sure it's architectured correctly.
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- Make sure we are using the cheaper cloud components - intentionally rethink the way we design things from the start.
			- Keep architects close.
			- Framework principles:
				- Keep it simple.
				- Always aware of the costs.
				- Avoid dedicated compute at all costs.
			- This is an evolution from the on-prem framework.
			- In cloud we don't give you the data-processing computing.
		- [[Venter, Lyndie LS]]
			- This environment is already in cloud.
			- Question is: do we take what we have currently when we speak to Jaycee, and see if we can fit it into your (reservoir) framework, or carry on as we are carrying on.
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- We understand a lot of things, aligned with best-practices, re-engineered to manage cost the best, no lift-and-shift, re-architectured everything, etc.
			- The easy way might bite you later - more costs, etc.
			- Let's have a session and see what you've done.
		- [[Chidi, Peggy MP]]
			- Data Factory - [[Morrissey, Vaughan V]] - team to reach out to from [[Venter, Lyndie LS]]'s side.
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- [[Morrissey, Vaughan V]] should be in the discussions going forward.
			- Data Factory is fed by the IRA blue block.
			- Standardized Canonical Structures (#what-is-this)
			- Do we still have the consolidated list of sources in GRES?
		- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
			- There is a list that needs to be polished - around 12/13 systems.
			- Place demand for ingestion as well?
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- We need to holistically understand what your world looks like - what systems, most important ones, plan for these systems, etc.
			- Need to get this plan and layout ready for next steps.
		- [[Msimanga, Monica MN]]
			- Demand placement.
			- Data manager needs to help place demand - need to know which team has to be approached with demand.
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- Avoid any disc around operating model.
			- This work is prep work.
			- Driving aligned outcome - GRES in cloud aligned with IRA.
			- Do as much prep work not linked to operating model discussions.
			- Session on the 9th with Liezl - we need to give outcome to you after this session.
			- The model looks slightly different (hybrid model) depending on your area.
		- [[Chidi, Peggy MP]]
			- Give clarity around governance that can be started.
			- What confluence pages, etc.
			- Identify use-case for cloud.
			- If we migrate current on-prem stuff, can we still utilize this data, or do we require other data elements?
		- [[Vlok, Ruan R]]
			- Cloud is an opex world.
			- You agree with the costs.
			- We will go through all the decision trees, etc.
			- Governance looks different in different BUs.
			- What does the governance processes look like in GRES? #[[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
			- We have these forums, this is what you need, etc.
			- Some sort of BU governance involved in some form with regulatory stuff, etc.
			- GRES lack of progress might be advantageous - enables good clean future-aligned implementation for GRES.
		- DONE Ask [[Keevy, John J]] about the session on the 9th.
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:21]--[2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:22] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:25]--[2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:26] =>  00:00:01
		  CLOCK: [2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:27]--[2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:27] =>  00:00:00
		  CLOCK: [2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:28]--[2023-01-31 Tue 12:28:29] =>  00:00:01
		  :END:
		- TODO Who is [[Chidi, Peggy MP]] and her team?
		- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
			- Finish up holistic and prioritized view of sources.
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
			- GRES would have dependency on other areas as well.
			- Data Exchange does the actual execution.
			- What people are in-between that would need execution?
		- [[Naidoo, Aveshen A]]
			- Their technical team within GRES that manages the estate IT.
		- [[]]
		- [[]]
		- [[]]