- **[[Escalation Dashboard Requirement]]** #meeting
	- Sibiya, Sphelele S
		- Complaints process.
		- Everyone on same system.
		- Customer First (system) - this is where the complaints process happens.
		- FSCA?
		- If complaint is not addressed, it has to be escalated to one person above, etc.
		- Info from Customer First (BPM) moved to SAP DW?
		- Report per-level on escalations.
		- Report requirement frequency is daily.
		- No automation currently.
		- Info gathered (from SAP BW), posted on Teams site, and dashboard updated from there (manual process).
	- Vlok, Ruan R
		- Information Reference Architecture.
		- Not a good fit for [[IRA]].
		- Not a platform to be used in between two different application (application-to-application integration pattern).
		- Only way is to redesign/refactor the reporting solution in line with [[IRA]].
		- Request documentation with full view to assess if it is a use-case for a data product in the [[IRA]].
		- Could be an analytical data product.
		- If it's operational reporting data product it is not a good fit for [[IRA]].
		- Cloud-First-Principles - enabled in a cloud-native way to avoid refactoring later.
		- Meeting required with BPM - understand what extract mechanisms are used.
		- Meeting with both teams (BPM platform) and reporting team to understand how the data will be harvested.
		- Who is the data steward (owner of the data)? Baron?
		- Governance/compliance needs to be determined for cloud storage.
		- We won't set up meetings - they (requestors) need to set up the meetings and invite us.
	- Hefer, Annemarie A
		- BPM patterns currently in place - Realtime and Kafka streaming.
	- Yeshagol, Aloknath A
		- BPM using legacy stack (not the stack where realtime and kafka can be used).