- Frank chat:
  collapsed:: true
	- FOF
		- JP, Ewan en Xavier.
		- Ruhan ook FOF.
		- Ouer hoerskool groep, min van hulle, nou is dit meer.
		- 07:30-09:00 na manne oggend.
		- 1 keer/kwartaal social aspek.
	- Neil West
		- 2 Opsies - iemand wat meer 1 op 1 evangelie, of iemand wat in groep saam hom kan lei.
- [[DP-27939 - Snapscan Curated Views (DEV)]]
- P1
  collapsed:: true
	- "For the Gentiles eagerly seek all these things; for your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things. But seek first His kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you." (Matthew 6:32-33)
	- Father, is this you answering my prayer? Is this you stripping me of the things that I seek more than you?
	- Have I been holding on to my money as hope for the future? I am trusting in my money, instead of trusting in you? Is this the possessiveness that you are stripping me of?
	- I'm too scared to jump to conclusions, in fear that I'm not focusing on the right lessons, or that I'm just plainly wrong. Father please help me understand. Please let me get a clear idea in my head as to what is going on here. Is this really an answer to my prayer for you to strip me of all the things that threatens your place in my heart? You promise Lord, that if we seek wisdom in the midst of trials to ask you without any doubt. So I'm asking you with as much faith as I can muster, to give me wisdom to discern what this trial is about.
	- Lord, if you strip me of my entire bonus, and I have to solely rely on you to supply my needs and take care of any emergencies that might come up, so be it. Lord, you are almighty, and I know that you work all things for my good. So I will step out in faith and trust you with as much trust as I can muster. I will let my requests be made known to you in prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, instead of being anxious about everything. Lord, I submit to your sovereignty, and declare that I am nowhere clever enough to thinks that I know better than you.
	- So Lord, have your way with me. Do with me what you will.
	- My request is just that you let me - that you make me - become more and more like Jesus as we go along. I am willing (scared, but willing) to accept any cost you deem necessary or required, and ask that you just give me the grace and humility to really accept your will and not rebel against it.
	- Thank you that you are a promise-keeper. That you hold true to your Word. That I can trust and rely on you. If we being evil know how to give good gifts to our children, how much more will you not give me ONLY what is good, even if I myself don't realize that this is exactly what I need.
	- So let your will be done, not mine.
	- I pray this in the Holy name of Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior.
	- Amen.