- Chat with [[Hefer, Annemarie A]] and find out #GRES-Cloud-Migration
  collapsed:: true
	- See ((63d12170-c9f6-436c-a4cf-360ee01f3127))
	- 1) What is the purpose of the meeting is that I need to set up?
	  collapsed:: true
		- TODO Ruan mentioned that once they decide to proceed with the [[IRA]] offering, this will trigger the formal engagement with [[Keevy, John J]].
		- TODO Is the meeting requested by [[Vlok, Ruan R]] to make the final call about whether their requirements will be met by [[IRA]] Cloud?
		  collapsed:: true
			- With who the demand is going to be, and who is going to do what, etc.
		- Who is [[Chidi, Peggy MP]] ?
		  collapsed:: true
			- Already raised demand with Peggy to go to cloud.
			- Peggy won't be enabled to do batch ingestion.
			- Data Factory in GRES's hands.
			- Peggy - Under Liezl Engelbrecht (CIO)
			- Peggy - ingestion and curation in that team (batch/CDC/etc) with data engineers.
		- Who is [[Lavis, Alexandra A]] ?
		  collapsed:: true
			- RTE in that team.
		- This team looks at almost everything PBB related.
		  collapsed:: true
			- Nandipha also RTE for wealth.
		- Card is also under Liezl Engelbrecht.
		- Why is Jaycee?
	- 2) Who needs to be invited to this meeting?
	  collapsed:: true
		- Peggy
		- Sandy
		- Title of meeting: GRES Cloud Onboarding Discussion
- Initial Discussion: Sacred Marriage Chapter 5 - Holy Honor - Marriage Teaches Us To Respect Others
  collapsed:: true
	- Pray for God :
		- to show you where you need to change in the three main areas.
		- to give you the humility and self-control to listen to and hear your wife when you ask her about these areas.
		- that you will believe that you have the grace needed to really change in this area.
		- to give you the desire to really want to change in this area.
	- Ask you wife to (gently and lovingly) tell you about specific things she thinks you need to change in the three main areas.
		- Resolve to listen to, hear, and understand her feelings.
		- Resolve to not defend, explain, or justify your sinful communication, deeds or thoughts.
		- Resolve to not blame-shift back to her.
	- Repent of any sinful communication, deeds, and thoughts/feelings, and repent of any sinful lack of communication, deeds, thoughts/feelings, confess them to God and to your wife.
	- Make plans in each area to actively and intentionally put off any sinful communication, deeds and thoughts/feelings.
	- Make plans in each area to actively and intentionally put on respectful and loving communication, deeds and thoughts/feelings.
	- The three main areas where respect is needed:
		- (1) What you say and how you say it.
			- Are your words hurtful, sarcastic, negative or degrading, or do they communicate respect, honor and love to your wife?
			- Do you sin by NOT communicating with your wife when you should?
			- Does your body language and tone of voice agree with the words that you are saying, or does your communication seem disingenuous?
			- What things that you say, or ways that you say them in, communicate disrespect, dishonor or unlovingness to your wife?
		- (2) What you do or don't do.
			- Does your actions line up with your words?
			- Do you communicate respect, honor and love to your wife non-verbally by what you do?
			- Do you sin by NOT doing (something) when you should be doing (something)?
			- What things that you do (or don't do) communicate disrespect, dishonor or unlovingness to your wife?
		- (3) What you think and feel.
			- Do you have any contempt, resentment or bitterness toward your wife?
			- Does the way you speak and act toward her agree that you don't?
			- Do you think about or dwell on the things she does wrong, instead of the things she does well and good?
			- Does your words and actions communicate this to her?
			- Do you have a regular habit of taking note of things you are thankful to her, or about her, and then communicating that to her?
- Control-M Application/Callout Changes #meeting
	- Attendees
		- [[Coetzee, Inus I]]
		- [[Mannya, Stanford S]]
	- Notes
		- See [How To : Setup CIO Team - Data Services - Dev Ops - Confluence (standardbank.co.za)](https://aws-tools.standardbank.co.za/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=DSD&title=How+To+%3A+Setup+CIO+Team)
		- This is to move jobs on Control-M from the MO_RESERVOIR application to the isolated applications for the application team to manage:
			- TPS Pricing (RawBatch & DP)
			- RSVR_DP_Finance (DP only)
			- Third Party Risk Management (DP only)
		- Action Steps:
			- TODO Finalize application names (action)
				- TODO [[Mannya, Stanford S]] :
					- RSVR_DP_Finance
				- DONE [[Coetzee, Inus I]]:
				  collapsed:: true
					- RSVR_ThirdPartyRiskManagement
					- [[Ngubeni, Johanna J]]
				- DONE [[Horn, Ben-Lindsey BL]]:
				  collapsed:: true
					- RSVR_TPSPricing
					- [[Terry, Quentin P]]
			- TODO AD Group name (action)
			  collapsed:: true
				- For platform team to action.
				- One AD group per application.
				- AD group name same as application.
				- Data/product owner is the owner of the AD group.
				- Control-M team members to be added (ex Warren Maritz's manager).
				- TODO Log on Remedy normal AD group creation.
				- DONE [[AD Group Request Process]]
			- DONE Remedy Team name (determine process)
			  collapsed:: true
				- Application team needs to request creation (if none exists) and provide the detail.
				- We need the team name.
				- DONE Check with Vince regarding steps to follow.
				  collapsed:: true
					- Vince doesn't know how to do this, but will find out who I can speak to.
					- Vince directed me to [[Van Jaarsveldt, Denzil D]] to find out what the steps are.
				- DONE [[Remedy Team Request Process]]
			- DONE Callout Group name (determine process)
			  collapsed:: true
				- Application team needs to request creation (if none exists) and provide the detail.
				- We need the team name.
				- DONE Check with Rombani regarding steps to follow.
				  :LOGBOOK:
				  CLOCK: [2023-01-26 Thu 13:04:22]--[2023-01-26 Thu 13:04:23] =>  00:00:01
				  :END:
				- DONE [[Callout Group Request Process]]
			- DONE Team Email address (determine process)
			  collapsed:: true
				- Application team needs to request creation (if none exists) and provide the detail.
				- We need the team name.
				- DONE Check with Annemarie regarding steps to follow.
				- DONE [[Team Email Address Request Process]]
			- TODO Log a request (email) against the Control-M team (action)
			- TODO Application team to move Control-M jobs to new application. (action)
			  collapsed:: true
				- This is a simple rename operation on the affected jobs.
- Finally Free Chapter 1
  collapsed:: true
	- You have transforming grace working in your life when you believe that you have it.
	- You have to believe that you are both forgiven (forgiving grace) and have the power to change (transforming grace) for both of those things to be true and active in your life.
	- If you want to change in any area of your life, you have to BELIEVE that, in Jesus, you have the power to change.
	- Repentance is the way we grasp and unite forgiving grace and transforming grace.
		- Move from sinful living to obedient living.
		- Three essential steps:
			- Confess your sin (1 John 1:9).
			- Affirm God's forgiveness of your sin - Believe you are forgiven and that you are alive in Christ, instead of doubting God's promises.
			- Request Jesus' grace to change, and believe that you will receive it.
		- Sorrow over sin
			- There is a place for true godly sorrow over sin, but this is not the same as sinful self-chastisement over your guilt.
			- This is basically denying God's truth about you.
			- This deals with your guilt in a self-centered way instead of a Christ-centered way.
		- Repentance turns self-talk and self-condemnation into hope.
		- Christ must be the main focus, not I myself and my sin.