- Escalation Dashboard Requirements & Walkthrough #meeting
  collapsed:: true
	- Attendees:
		- [[Sibiya, Sphelele S]]
		- [[Yeshagol, Aloknath A]]
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
		- [[Hefer, Annemarie A]]
		- [[Gordon, Jolene J]]
	- Notes:
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
			- Is this meeting to discuss getting the Customer First data into the cloud?
		- [[Sibiya, Sphelele S]]
			- Look at data as it sits on Customer First and then decide where to move/store the data - this was the purpose of the meeting.
			- Currently eliciting the services of [[Mohlala, Joyce MJ]] to get the data.
			- Trying to determine how to automate it and where to store it.
			- Quickest, easiest option is preferable.
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
			- Trying to determine then if this is a cloud strategy or not - whether or not this decision has been taken is not clear.
		- [[Hefer, Annemarie A]]
			- Prev discussion - currently a manual process.
			- Initial session with [[Vlok, Ruan R]].
			- Data is coming out of SAP BPM.
			- Recommendation is to look at IRA to use the frameworks to automate and store the data.
		- [[Yeshagol, Aloknath A]]
			- [[Mohlala, Joyce MJ]] gets the data from BPM. She would need to format the data and get it to Sterling File Gateway.
		- [[Gordon, Jolene J]]
			- What do we need to do or give you to start the journey to IRA?
			- NFR/Compliance/etc?
		- [[Keevy, John J]]
			- 3 Prerequisites:
				- Governance and Risk (NABS?) and forums, etc.
				- Budget approval.
				- Security.
			- Need overall approval from the owner of the data that it can be stored in the cloud.
		- [[Gordon, Jolene J]]
			- Asked [[Ratlhagane, Katlego K]] to start looking at the security requirements, etc.
		- [[Sibiya, Sphelele S]]
			- Who is the source owner?
		- [[Yeshagol, Aloknath A]]
			- BPM is the technical owner.
			- Baron's(?) approval for this.
			- BPM is just a platform with various data on it.
		- [[Sibiya, Sphelele S]]
			- [[Tshivhase, Livhuwani L]] populates the data.
- [(112) Pathfinder (2e): Diplomacy & Intimidation - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwQPa26oHYE&list=PLYCDCUfG0xJb5I-wDIezuDkTfbd8k21Km&index=29)
	- Your influence on NPCs is measured with a set of attitudes (conditions) that reflect how they view your character.
	- Attitude conditions exist between one creature and another.
	- Attitude conditions can also apply to whole groups of people, and not just individuals.
	- Attitudes:
		- Helpful - They want to help you. What they are willing to do to help you must be reasonable and determined by the GM.
		- Friendly - May be willing to help you. Good attitude toward you, but won't go too far out of their way to help you.
		- Indifferent - Has no feelings toward you either way. Neutral disposition. Normal starting point for most NPCs.
		- Unfriendly - Doesn't like you. May take actions to see you fail.
		- Hostile - Will take actions to see you fail. Actively working against you. Hindering you in some way. Has a strong dislike toward you.
	- Changing the attitude of an NPC toward you is described by the term "Influence" and is often accomplished by the use of skills.
	- Skills used to affect Influence:
		- Diplomacy - Influences others by negotiation and flattery. Used to convince others to do what they want.
			- Make An Impression
				- One minute in conversation with target. Diplomacy check vs Will DC (may be modified by the GM).
				- Success increases the target attitude by one step.
				- Critical success increases target attitude by two steps.
				- Critical fail worsens targets attitude by one step.
				- Only lasts for current interaction.
			- Make A Request
				- Convince an NPC to do something for you.
	- [Diplomacy | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2063&name=Diplomacy)
		- [Make an Impression | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2099&name=Make_an_Impression)
		- [Request | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2100&name=Request)
	- [Intimidation | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2064&name=Intimidation)
		- [Coerce | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2101)
		- [Demoralize | Pathfinder 2 | easy Actions Tree (pf2easy.com)](https://pf2easy.com/tree/index.php?id=2102)